README.md, before:

# Kenneth Feh - Portfolio Website

A modern, professional portfolio website for Kenneth Feh, Senior Full-Stack Engineer.

## Features

- **Modern Design**: Clean, dark theme with tech-focused aesthetic
- **Fully Responsive**: Mobile-first design that works on all devices
- **Interactive Elements**: Smooth animations, hover effects, and particle background
- **Performance Optimized**: Single HTML file with embedded CSS/JS for fast loading
- **SEO Optimized**: Proper meta tags and semantic HTML structure

## Sections

- **Hero**: Compelling introduction with call-to-action buttons
- **About**: Personal journey from self-taught to senior engineer
- **Skills**: Technology stack with interactive icons
- **Experience**: Professional timeline with detailed descriptions
- **Projects**: Featured projects with GitHub links and tech stack badges
- **Contact**: Multiple ways to get in touch

## Technologies Used

- HTML5 (Semantic Structure)
- CSS3 (Custom Properties, Grid, Flexbox, Animations)
- Vanilla JavaScript (Interactive features, smooth scrolling)
- Google Fonts (Inter font family)
- Font Awesome Icons

## Local Development

To test the website locally:

```bash
# Navigate to the project directory
cd kenneth-portfolio

# Start a local server
python3 -m http.server 8000

# Open in browser
http://localhost:8000
```

## Deployment Instructions

### Option 1: Deploy with Vercel CLI (Recommended)

1. **Install Vercel CLI**
   ```bash
   npm install -g vercel
   ```

2. **Login to Vercel**
   ```bash
   vercel login
   ```

3. **Deploy the Website**
   ```bash
   # From the kenneth-portfolio directory
   vercel
   
   # Follow the prompts:
   # - Set up and deploy? Y
   # - Which scope? (select your account)
   # - Link to existing project? N
   # - Project name: kenneth-portfolio (or your preferred name)
   # - In which directory is your code located? ./
   ```

4. **Production Deployment**
   ```bash
   vercel --prod
   ```

### Option 2: Deploy via Vercel Dashboard

1. Go to [vercel.com](https://vercel.com) and sign in
2. Click "New Project"
3. Import your Git repository or drag and drop the folder
4. Configure project settings:
   - Framework Preset: Other
   - Root Directory: ./
   - Build Command: (leave empty)
   - Output Directory: (leave empty)
5. Click "Deploy"

### Option 3: Deploy from GitHub

1. Push your code to a GitHub repository
2. Connect your GitHub account to Vercel
3. Import the repository
4. Deploy automatically

## Custom Domain Setup

After deployment, to add a custom domain:

1. Go to your project dashboard in Vercel
2. Click on "Settings" tab
3. Select "Domains" from the sidebar
4. Add your custom domain
5. Configure DNS settings as instructed by Vercel

## File Structure

```
kenneth-portfolio/
├── index.html          # Main website file
├── README.md          # Project documentation
└── (deployed files)   # Generated by Vercel
```

## Browser Support

- Chrome (latest)
- Firefox (latest)
- Safari (latest)
- Edge (latest)
- Mobile browsers

## Performance Features

- Single file architecture for minimal HTTP requests
- Optimized images and assets
- Efficient CSS animations
- Lazy loading for better performance
- Minimal JavaScript footprint

## Contact Information

- **Email**: kennethfeh@gmail.com
- **GitHub**: [github.com/Kennethfeh](https://github.com/Kennethfeh)
- **Location**: Seoul, Korea

---

Built with ❤️ by Kenneth Feh

Commit message:

Refocus portfolio on full-stack developer experience

README.md, after:

# Kenneth Feh - Portfolio Website

A modern, professional portfolio website for Kenneth Feh, Full-Stack Developer with 3 years of experience.

## Features

- **Modern Design**: Clean, dark theme with tech-focused aesthetic
- **Fully Responsive**: Mobile-first design that works on all devices
- **Interactive Elements**: Smooth animations, hover effects, and particle background
- **Performance Optimized**: Single HTML file with embedded CSS/JS for fast loading
- **SEO Optimized**: Proper meta tags and semantic HTML structure

## Sections

- **Hero**: Compelling introduction with call-to-action buttons
- **About**: Personal journey from self-taught to senior engineer
- **Skills**: Technology stack with interactive icons
- **Experience**: Professional timeline with detailed descriptions
- **Projects**: Featured projects with GitHub links and tech stack badges
- **Contact**: Multiple ways to get in touch

## Technologies Used

- HTML5 (Semantic Structure)
- CSS3 (Custom Properties, Grid, Flexbox, Animations)
- Vanilla JavaScript (Interactive features, smooth scrolling)
- Google Fonts (Inter font family)
- Font Awesome Icons

## Local Development

To test the website locally:

```bash
# Navigate to the project directory
cd kenneth-portfolio

# Start a local server
python3 -m http.server 8000

# Open in browser
http://localhost:8000
```

## Deployment Instructions

### Option 1: Deploy with Vercel CLI (Recommended)

1. **Install Vercel CLI**
   ```bash
   npm install -g vercel
   ```

2. **Login to Vercel**
   ```bash
   vercel login
   ```

3. **Deploy the Website**
   ```bash
   # From the kenneth-portfolio directory
   vercel
   
   # Follow the prompts:
   # - Set up and deploy? Y
   # - Which scope? (select your account)
   # - Link to existing project? N
   # - Project name: kenneth-portfolio (or your preferred name)
   # - In which directory is your code located? ./
   ```

4. **Production Deployment**
   ```bash
   vercel --prod
   ```

### Option 2: Deploy via Vercel Dashboard

1. Go to [vercel.com](https://vercel.com) and sign in
2. Click "New Project"
3. Import your Git repository or drag and drop the folder
4. Configure project settings:
   - Framework Preset: Other
   - Root Directory: ./
   - Build Command: (leave empty)
   - Output Directory: (leave empty)
5. Click "Deploy"

### Option 3: Deploy from GitHub

1. Push your code to a GitHub repository
2. Connect your GitHub account to Vercel
3. Import the repository
4. Deploy automatically

## Custom Domain Setup

After deployment, to add a custom domain:

1. Go to your project dashboard in Vercel
2. Click on "Settings" tab
3. Select "Domains" from the sidebar
4. Add your custom domain
5. Configure DNS settings as instructed by Vercel

## File Structure

```
kenneth-portfolio/
├── index.html          # Main website file
├── README.md          # Project documentation
└── (deployed files)   # Generated by Vercel
```

## Browser Support

- Chrome (latest)
- Firefox (latest)
- Safari (latest)
- Edge (latest)
- Mobile browsers

## Performance Features

- Single file architecture for minimal HTTP requests
- Optimized images and assets
- Efficient CSS animations
- Lazy loading for better performance
- Minimal JavaScript footprint

## Contact Information

- **Email**: kennethfeh@gmail.com
- **GitHub**: [github.com/Kennethfeh](https://github.com/Kennethfeh)
- **Location**: Seoul, Korea

---

Built with ❤️ by Kenneth Feh
